Kill long running container when the connection is lost (#28180)
demisto/content: Packs/ExportIndicators/ReleaseNotes/1_0_19.md

#### Integrations

##### Export Indicators Service (Deprecated)

> - Kill long running container when the connection to the server is lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration will not restart when the engine running it reconnects to the server.
```
